docker/README.md, before:

# Docker Support

This is initial support of docker, which is not like typical docker image because
all environment setup is wrapped in lkp install instead of Dockerfile.

The main limitation is the installed dependencies of test are not persistent. User may
consider to create image for interested test for easy reuse.

## Getting started

```
git clone https://github.com/intel/lkp-tests.git

cd lkp-tests

image=debian/buster
hostname=lkp-docker.${image//\//.}

docker build -f docker/${image%%/*}/Dockerfile -t lkp-tests/${image} -t lkp-tests/${image}:$(git log -1 --pretty=%h) --build-arg hostname=$hostname --build-arg base_image=$(if [[ "$image" == opensuse/* ]]; then echo "$image" | sed 's|opensuse/\([^/]*\)/|opensuse/\1:|'; else echo ${image//\//:}; fi) .

docker run --rm --entrypoint '' lkp-tests/${image} lkp help
```

The alternative method to build the image is

```
lkp docker build --image $image --hostname $hostname
```

## Run one atomic job

```
# Add --privileged option to allow privileged access like dmesg, sysctl. Use
# this with caution.
docker run -d -h $hostname --name $hostname \
           -v /home/$USER/lkp/paths:/lkp/paths \
           -v /home/$USER/lkp/benchmarks:/lkp/benchmarks \
           -v /home/$USER/lkp/result:/lkp/result \
           -v /home/$USER/lkp/jobs:/lkp/jobs \
           lkp-tests/${image}

docker exec -it $hostname bash

/lkp/lkp-tests# lkp split-job jobs/hackbench.yaml -o /lkp/jobs

# Install the dependencies for the splited job and generate binary at /lkp/benchmarks
# Pls note all dependencies are inside container and not persistent.
/lkp/lkp-tests# lkp install /lkp/jobs/hackbench-pipe-8-process-1600%.yaml

# The jobs and benchmarks are persistent, thus this can be run directly in a new
# container. It does not work for all tests, so that lkp install need rerun.
/lkp/lkp-tests# lkp run /lkp/jobs/hackbench-pipe-8-process-1600%.yaml

/lkp/lkp-tests# lkp rt hackbench
```

The alternative method to attach to a terminal in the docker container is 

```
lkp docker attach --container $hostname
```

The alternative method to run the job is

```
lkp docker test -i $image -j hackbench.yaml -g pipe-8-process-1600 --hostname $hostname

# The flag --any can be set to let lkp randomly choose a job from the suite
lkp docker test -i $image -j hackbench.yaml --any --hostname $hostname
```

## Test by lkp docker

```
image=debian/bookworm
hostname=lkp-docker.${image//\//.}

lkp docker init -i $image --hostname $hostname

lkp docker build -t $hostname
lkp docker test -t $hostname -j hackbench.yaml -g pipe-8-process-1600
```

Commit message:

Add support for lkp docker rt
- Support lkp docker rt command
- Remove unnecessary code in docker/attach

Closes #474

Signed-off-by: Chiam, Jia Ying <jia.ying.chiam@intel.com>
Signed-off-by: Wei Shan <wei.shan.lim@intel.com>
Signed-off-by: Seow, Wen Jie <wen.jie.seow@intel.com>

docker/README.md, after:

# Docker Support

This is initial support of docker, which is not like typical docker image because
all environment setup is wrapped in lkp install instead of Dockerfile.

The main limitation is the installed dependencies of test are not persistent. User may
consider to create image for interested test for easy reuse.

## Getting started

```
git clone https://github.com/intel/lkp-tests.git

cd lkp-tests

image=debian/buster
hostname=lkp-docker.${image//\//.}

docker build -f docker/${image%%/*}/Dockerfile -t lkp-tests/${image} -t lkp-tests/${image}:$(git log -1 --pretty=%h) --build-arg hostname=$hostname --build-arg base_image=$(if [[ "$image" == opensuse/* ]]; then echo "$image" | sed 's|opensuse/\([^/]*\)/|opensuse/\1:|'; else echo ${image//\//:}; fi) .

docker run --rm --entrypoint '' lkp-tests/${image} lkp help
```

The alternative method to build the image is

```
lkp docker build --image $image --hostname $hostname
```

## Run one atomic job

```
# Add --privileged option to allow privileged access like dmesg, sysctl. Use
# this with caution.
docker run -d -h $hostname --name $hostname \
           -v /home/$USER/lkp/paths:/lkp/paths \
           -v /home/$USER/lkp/benchmarks:/lkp/benchmarks \
           -v /home/$USER/lkp/result:/lkp/result \
           -v /home/$USER/lkp/jobs:/lkp/jobs \
           lkp-tests/${image}

docker exec -it $hostname bash

/lkp/lkp-tests# lkp split-job jobs/hackbench.yaml -o /lkp/jobs

# Install the dependencies for the splited job and generate binary at /lkp/benchmarks
# Pls note all dependencies are inside container and not persistent.
/lkp/lkp-tests# lkp install /lkp/jobs/hackbench-pipe-8-process-1600%.yaml

# The jobs and benchmarks are persistent, thus this can be run directly in a new
# container. It does not work for all tests, so that lkp install need rerun.
/lkp/lkp-tests# lkp run /lkp/jobs/hackbench-pipe-8-process-1600%.yaml

/lkp/lkp-tests# lkp rt hackbench
```

The alternative method to attach to a terminal in the docker container is 

```
lkp docker attach --container $hostname
```

The alternative method to run the job is

```
lkp docker test -i $image -j hackbench.yaml -g pipe-8-process-1600 --hostname $hostname

# The flag --any can be set to let lkp randomly choose a job from the suite
lkp docker test -i $image -j hackbench.yaml --any --hostname $hostname
```

The alternative method to run rt
```
lkp docker rt --container $hostname --options "hackbench"
```

## Test by lkp docker

```
image=debian/bookworm
hostname=lkp-docker.${image//\//.}

lkp docker init -i $image --hostname $hostname

lkp docker build -t $hostname
lkp docker test -t $hostname -j hackbench.yaml -g pipe-8-process-1600
```
